README.md, before:

# The Turing Way github workshop

![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/nghuixin/ttw-github-workshop)
![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/nghuixin/ttw-github-workshop)
![Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/nghuixin/ttw-github-workshop)
![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/nghuixin/ttw-github-workshop)

## Table of Contents

- [About](#about)
- [Features](#features)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Contact](#contact)
- [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

## About

Write a brief description of your project here. Explain what the project does, why it exists, and what problem it solves.

## Features

List the key features of your project:

- Feature 1
- Feature 2
- Feature 3

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

List the software and other prerequisites needed to use your project:

- Prerequisite 1
- Prerequisite 2
- Prerequisite 3

### Installation

Provide a step-by-step guide on how to install your project:

1. Clone the repository
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/nghuixin/ttw-github-workshop
   ```

Commit message:

Update README.md with references

README.md, after:

# The Turing Way github workshop

![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/nghuixin/ttw-github-workshop)
![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/nghuixin/ttw-github-workshop)
![Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/nghuixin/ttw-github-workshop)
![Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/nghuixin/ttw-github-workshop)

## Table of Contents

- [About](#about)
- [Features](#features)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)
- [Contact](#contact)
- [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

## About

This github repo is a result of following a introduction to github workshop organized by The Turing Way.


## Features

List the key features of your project:

- Feature 1
- Feature 2
- Feature 3

## Getting Started
### References
- [GitHub for Documents](https://malvikasharan.github.io/developing_collaborative_document/)
- [Book Dash, 29 May 2024 - Pre-Book Dash GitHub Session](https://annuel2.framapad.org/p/ttw-bookdash-june24-github)

### Prerequisites

List the software and other prerequisites needed to use your project:

- Prerequisite 1
- Prerequisite 2
- Prerequisite 3

### Installation

Provide a step-by-step guide on how to install your project:

1. Clone the repository
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/nghuixin/ttw-github-workshop
   ```
